feat(rn): Update to new one-line command to install RN SDK (#6632)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platform-includes/getting-started-install/react-native.mdx

</Note>

Run `@sentry/wizard`:

```npm
npx @sentry/wizard -s -i reactNative
```

```yarn
yarn sentry-wizard -s -i reactNative
```

<Note>

> For React Native 0.68 and older, you'll have to `confirm` to use wizard on unsupported React Native version and manually patch the Xcode project later. Read more on the [Manual Configuration](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wizard doesn't support React Native versions `0.68` and older. To use the wizard with older versions of React Native, you'll have to `confirm` in the wizard dialogue and manually patch the Xcode project later. Read more on the [Manual Configuration](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/) page.
```

</Note>

[Sentry Wizard](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry-wizard) will patch your project accordingly, though you can [set up manually](/platforms/react-native/manual-setup/manual-setup/) if you prefer. You only need to patch the project once. Then you can add the patched files to your version control system.
The following tasks will be performed by the Sentry Wizard:

> - Install `@sentry/react-native` package.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Install the `@sentry/react-native` package.
```
